On Saturday October 17 will be held in the stadium of the institute of the sea
first tournament
athletics organized by the sea club u
financed by chile sports
the championship is open for them to participate
sports
private educational establishments in subsidized and
Municipalities belonging to the Tarapacá region in the category
preparatory child penguin
was based on that that settlement
80 meters flat the discomfort of the companies
long jump the high jump
europa league
in the tests of it
The support of Spain
10th May
then he was born two years ago
and is a refugee in chile
and although it does not count anymore
thanks to the labor
and in the diamond located
as an advanced
but never
we have to go altamira a stranger
that's what will happen to children from different schools
the tournament
nine in the morning until 6 pm on Saturday in the inter
the winners will be able to oct
if you want and medals and intense rains so investigate this sport
my participation
Well the invitation is open to approve it
reprimands despite tuxedo times and who can participate
with this outdoor championship